Add release checklist (#1797)
rancher/rke2: developer-docs/upgrading_kubernetes.md

### Promoting to Stable

After 24 hours, we'll promote the release to stable by updating the channel server's config as we did at above, however this time changing "latest" to "stable". We need to do the same thing for RPM's too. This involves the same steps for RPM releases but changing "latest" to "stable" in the release name. E.g. `v1.21.4+rke2r1.stable.0`.

## Release Checklist

This checklist is meant to help prevent missing a step in the release process. Be sure to reference the sections above for futher detail on each step.

- [ ] Tag new Hardened Kubernetes release
- [ ] Update Helm chart versions
- [ ] Update RKE2
- [ ] Tag new RKE2 RC
- [ ] Tag new RKE2 packaging RC "testing"
- [ ] Tag the RKE2 release

> - [ ] Tag RKE2 packaging release "testing"
> - [ ] Tag RKE2 packaging release "latest"
> - [ ] Write release notes
> - [ ] Update KDM
> - [ ] Uncheck "pre-release"
> - [ ] Tag RKE2 packaging release "stable"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add release notes to release
- [ ] Tag RKE2 packaging release "testing"
- [ ] Tag RKE2 packaging release "latest"
- [ ] Uncheck "pre-release"
- [ ] Wait 1 week for community to report issues
- [ ] Tag RKE2 packaging release "stable"
- [ ] Update stable release in channels.yaml
- [ ] Update KDM
```
